[RFCs] Add rfcs directory (#1464)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: rfcs/template.md

> # Descriptive name for the proposal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Descriptive Name for the Proposal
```

## Introduction

Short description of the idea proposed with explained motivation. 

The motivation could be:
- Improved users experience for API changes and extensions. Code snippets to
  showcase the benefits would be nice here.
- Performance improvements with the data, if available.
- Improved engineering practices.

Introduction may also include any additional information that sheds light on
the proposal, such as history of the matter, links to relevant issues and

> discussions, etc.

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense to format the boilerplate text int the template to be italicized and maybe put into some brackets?

Author: Looking at the rendered text, I think it's clear without brackets. But we can revisit later if people are confused.

## Proposal

> A full and detailed description of the proposal, with highlighted consequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full and detailed description of the proposal with highlighted consequences.
```

Depending on the kind of the proposal, the description should cover:

> - New use cases that are supported by the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New use cases supported by the extension.
```

- The expected performance benefit for a modification. 
- The interface of extensions including class definitions or function 
declarations.

> A proposal should include the alternatives that were considered with listed

Reviewer: A proposal should clearly outline the alternatives that were considered, along with their pros and cons. Each alternative should be clearly separated to make discussions easier to follow.

pros and cons. The alternatives should be clearly separated to make possible
discussions clear.

Pay close attention to the following aspects of the library:

> - API and ABI backwards compatibility. The library follows semantic versioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API and ABI backward compatibility. The library follows semantic versioning
```

  so if any of those interfaces are to be broken, we need to state that
  explicitly.
- Performance implications, as performance is one of the main goals of the library.
- Changes to the build system. While the library's primary building system is
  CMake, there are some frameworks that may build the library directly from the sources.

> - Dependencies and support matrix: does the proposal brings any new
>   dependencies or affects the supported configurations.

Reviewer 3: It is a question, right? Also, the `s` ending should be omitted in a question. Right?
```suggestion
- Dependencies and support matrix: does the proposal bring any new
  dependencies or affect the supported configurations?
```

Some other common subsections here are:
- Discussion: some people like to list all the options first (as separate

>   subsections), and then have a dedicated section with the discussion/

Reviewer 3: Mistyped period?
```suggestion
  subsections), and then have a dedicated section with the discussion.
```

> - Listing of the proposed API and examples of its usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List of the proposed API and examples of its usage.
```

- Testing aspects.
- Short explanation and links to the related sub-proposals, if any. Such
  sub-proposals could be organized as separate standalone RFCs, but this is

>   not mandatory. If the changes is insignificant, or doesn't make any sense

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  not mandatory. If the change is insignificant or doesn't make any sense
```

>   without the original proposal it is fine to have it in the RFC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  without the original proposal, you can have it in the RFC.
```

> - Execution plan if approved, aka next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execution plan (next steps), if approved.
```

## Process Specific Information

Depending on the state of the proposal, additional information should be
included.

For new proposals (i.e., those in the `rfcs/proposed` directory), list any
open questions.

For proposals released as preview features that are in the `rfcs/experimental`
directory, list the exit conditions to move from preview to fully supported.
These conditions might include demonstrated performance improvements,
acceptance of specification changes, etc.

For proposals in the `rfcs/supported` directory, provide a link to the
any section(s) in the oneTBB specification that related to the proposal.

> For modifications that do not affect the public API, no link is needed.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure this information is useful in the template. The reason is that I'd expect only the initial state of the proposal to use the template, while all later stages would modify an existing RFC, and not the template.

So I would change this to "Open questions" or alike, and remove the rest which essentially duplicates information already described in readme files.

Author: I will rename the section "Open Questions". I think the info might be helpful for someone new to the process, even though you are right that they will likely delete the suggested for later steps when writing the original proposal. For now, I'll keep the extra info, but just rename the section.
